

Overview

In this journal, you will make a submission to your portfolio. Remember that you will submit portfolio artifacts in different courses 
throughout the Computer Science program. 
You will also reflect on the work that you have done in these projects. 
Reflecting will help add context to refresh your memory when you review your portfolio in the future.

Prompt

For this course, you will be submitting one portion of each project into the GitHub repository for your portfolio. 
From Project One, submit the business requirements document. From Project Two, submit the system design document. 
Together, these documents showcase your work in system analysis and design. These documents demonstrate your ability to collect requirements 
from the customer and design a system that meets those needs.
You will also reflect on the work that you have done in these projects. Reflecting is a valuable skill to cement your learning. 
It also will help add context to refresh your memory when you use your portfolio in the future. 
Update the README file in your repository and include your answers to each of the questions below. 
You could include the questions and write a few sentences in response to each one, or you could write a paragraph 
or two weaving together all of your answers.
•	Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
•	What did you do particularly well?
•	If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
•	How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
•	How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
Guidelines for Submission
For your submission, include a link to your repository for your instructor in a text submission. Make sure your repository includes your 
business requirements and system design documents as well as the README file with your written response. Use the CS GitHub Portfolio Tutorial 
to help you with this submission. This journal will be graded pass/fail based on completion.
Note: In the previous module, you should have added your instructor as a collaborator and they should have accepted your request. 
Please email your instructor if you have trouble adding them as a collaborator.
